- This will create the display portion of the app
- The next tutorial will use this piece as a foundation
- NOTE: Tutorial steps that start with 'Fill in' have a code file associated with them in this folder


Prerequisites:
- Npm, nodejs and npx installed
- Should also be able to use them from the command line
- VSCode recommended


The tutorial as a series of steps
1. Creating the react base repo:
	a. Npx create-react-app alimb-front-end
2. Open the created folder in VSCode
3. Open the terminal in VSCode
4. Install the following nodejs packages using npm:  
	a. Npm I @material-ui/core  
5. Delete the following files from the src folder  
	a. App.css  
	b. Index.css  
	c. App.test.js  
	d. serviceWorker.js  
	e. Logo.svg  
	f. In src/index.js  
		i. Delete the import for index.css  
		ii. Delete the import for service worker  
		iii. Delete the serviceWorker.unregister() line at the end of the file  
	g. In src/App.js  
		i. Delete the import for logo.svg  
		ii. Delete the import App.css  
6. Make the src/App.js file render return an empty divT  
7. Create a folder to hold components,  
	a. Suitably, we will call this folder components  
8. We are going to create 7 javascript files in the components folder  
	a. TodoList.js  
	b. CategoryList.js  
	c. AddCategory.js  
	d. AddTodo.js  
	e. MainArea.js  
	f. TitleBar.js  
	g. CategoryDrawer.js  
9. Fill in the TitleBar.js file  
	a. Import it to App.js, and make sure it looks okay  
10. Fill in the MainArea.js file  
	a. Import it to App.js, and make sure it looks okay  
11. Fill in AddTodo.js file  
	a. Import it to App.js, and make sure it looks okay  
12. Fill in the TodoList.js file  
	a. Import it to App.js, and make sure it looks okay  
13. Fill in the CategoryDrawer.js file  
	a. Import it to App.js, and make sure it looks okay  
14. Fill in the AddCategory.js file  
	a. Import it to App.js, and make sure it looks okay  
15. Fill in the CategoryList.js file  
	a. Import it to App.js, and make sure it looks okay  
16. Import all the items into src/App.js  



1. You'll notice that the category drawer overlaps the main area and the titlebar  
	a. This will be addressed in tutorial stage 2 of this tutorial series, by injecting redux state into material ui styles. This injection of state will allow the user to open/close the drawer by clicking a button on the TitleBar.  
2. If you have all 7 components on screen and rendering correctly, you're ready for the next tutorial. Thanks for following along!
	
		

